📘 Exam00 — Subject
Exercise 00: aff_a

Write a program that displays a followed by a newline, if the string given as a parameter contains the letter a.
Otherwise, just display a newline.
If the number of arguments is not 1, display only a newline.

Exercise 01: aff_z

Write a program that displays z followed by a newline, if the string given as a parameter contains the letter z.
Otherwise, just display a newline.
If the number of arguments is not 1, display only a newline.

Exercise 02: only_a

Write a program that displays the letter a followed by a newline.

Exercise 03: only_z

Write a program that displays the letter z followed by a newline.

Exercise 04: aff_first_param

Write a program that displays the first parameter received on the command line, followed by a newline.
If there are no parameters, just display a newline.

Exercise 05: aff_last_param

Write a program that displays the last parameter received on the command line, followed by a newline.
If there are no parameters, just display a newline.

Exercise 06: ft_print_numbers

Write a function that displays all digits from 0 to 9, followed by a newline.

Exercise 07: ft_countdown

Write a program that displays the digits from 9 to 0, followed by a newline.

Exercise 08: maff_alpha

Write a program that displays the alphabet with alternating lowercase/uppercase letters:

aBcDeFgHiJkLmNoPqRsTuVwXyZ


followed by a newline.

Exercise 09: maff_alpha2

Write a program that displays the alphabet with alternating lowercase/uppercase letters (starting with uppercase):

AbCdEfGhIjKlMnOpQrStUvWxYz


followed by a newline.

Exercise 10: maff_revalpha

Write a program that displays the alphabet in reverse order with alternating lowercase/uppercase letters:

zYxWvUtSrQpOnMlKjIhGfEdCbA


followed by a newline.

Exercise 11: maff_revalpha2

Write a program that displays the alphabet in reverse order with alternating lowercase/uppercase letters (starting with uppercase):

ZyXwVuTsRqPoNmLkJiHgFeDcBa


followed by a newline.

Exercise 12: hello

Write a program that displays Hello World! followed by a newline.
